We've now fixed up posts and the React application, so let's go and write out our routing configuration
inside of our ingress controller now that we have all these unique routes put together.
So I'm going to find inside of my infra AIDS directory the ingress service.
I'm going to find where we have paths list out right here.
We're going to start to update this path and update or add in a couple of additional paths as well.
So first off, as we just discussed, a request coming in to create a post.
So one that is trying to go to the post odd is now going to have a path of post slash create.
Then after that, I'm going to add in another path.
So this one will be for let's get on to just slash post right here.
If request comes in to slash posts, we want to send it to the query.
Odd.
My path will be slash posts.
In that case, the back end is going to be the service that is named Weary CRV.
Now let's get a quick reminder on what port that query service is running on.
We can either print out all of our services at the terminal, or alternatively, we could just open
up our post dash depot file right there.
So here's the or not post, but query.
So here's the query service.
Looks like it's 4002.
So a service port of 4002.
Okay.
Next up, we have a path of post slash, ID, slash comments.
Now we are writing out some routing configuration that's going to be interpreted by engine X right now.
And Engine X does not support the same kind of like wild card thing right there using a colon.
Instead, we write up paths and if we ever expect to have some kind of wild card inside of it, we have
to use a regular expression.
So we are going to write out a path of slash, post, slash.
And then here's our regular expression part question mark parentheses.
Dot star like so.
And then slash comments.
So this is going to be a wild card.
We can have any value we want to have inside there as long as it is followed by comments at the very
end, it's going to match up to this path.
In order to use regular expressions in a path right here, we do have to add in one additional line
of configuration at the top of this file.
So I'm going to scroll back up towards the top.
I'm going to find that annotation section.
And inside of here I'll add in one more annotation of Engine X dot Kubernetes.
Excuse me, engine x ingress.
There we go.
Coober NetEase io use dash reg x and we'll put in true inside of a string.
Notice that there are quotes around this.
So it is not just true by itself.
It is true with a set of single quotes around it.
So again, that's going to allow us to use regular expressions in all of our path expressions.
Now that we've got that put together, we can specify our back end.
This would be a service name.
And in this case, for this path, we want to reach out to our comments pod.
So common spot right here.
We'll make sure that we specify the comments service, the comments, dash CRV.
The service port for that I do not recall off the top of my head, so I'm going to go and double check
my common stash depot file.
Here's the comet service.
It is watching for traffic on Port 4001.
So I'll put in my service port a 4001 right there.
And then finally our very last path will be just slash by itself.
Now for our React application, just slash by itself would work.
Okay.
But for a typical React application where you are using something like React router to handle routing
around inside of your application in a single page app sort of approach, you would usually use a query
or a reg x right here of dot star like.
So that's going to make sure it matches any path and always try to show the React application.
Now if you're going to write out a path like this, it always has to be at the very end.
These paths are ordered from greatest importance down to the least importance.
So if we put this at the end, it will match only after trying to match all these other paths.
If we put this at the top, it will always go to the React app no matter what, which is not what we
want.
So then I'll put in my back end.
With the service name of client CRV and a service port of 3000.
All right, I'm going to save this.
I'm going to go back over to my terminal.
I'm inside of my AIDS directory.
And we're going to make sure that we reapply the ingress SRV file.
So it'll apply.
F ingress s.
R v html.
It looks like we've updated our configuration successfully, so now we are ready to do a big final test
and make sure our application is working before we do.
I'm going to do a quick cube, it'll get pods and I'm going to verify that everything is up and running.
If you have any errors, you'll need to make sure that those get resolved before we do this final test.
Okay.
I'm going to go back over to my browser.
I'm going to go to post and I should see my React application here.
Yep.
Here it is.
You might see one or two posts already listed inside of here if you do.
That is because we created some posts a little bit ago using Postman.
I deleted those posts just so I'd have a fresh slate right here.
I'm going to create a brand new post, so I'll say new post number one.
Remember, we don't have any kind of live reload or anything like that.
So I'm going to refresh the page and there's my post.
Very good.
And then of course, we have to test out our comments as well.
I'll put in new comment, submit it refresh, and there's my comment.
Hey, that's it.
Well, that is a lot of work.
But after all this work, we've now got our application posted inside of a Kubernetes cluster.
Of course, we're not quite done yet, as I mentioned in the last video.
Right now, any time that we want to make a change to our code base, we have to make the change.
We have to rebuild an image.
We have to push the image up to Docker Hub and then run that up CTL rollout, restart deployment, blah,
blah, blah command.
And obviously that is way too involved for doing it, any type of typical development approach.
So we definitely need a better way of making changes to our cluster inside of a development environment
than what we have right now.
As I mentioned, there is a tool that we're going to use to automate a ton of the stuff that we've been
doing in these last videos.
So we'll take a pause right here and start to take a look at that tool in just a moment.